thanks Dan I feel great tonight I got
paid from NBC I got my check I took it
down to the bank the check cleared wow I
feel I feel marvelous how are you
tonight great Paul I feel great thank
you I'm gonna take a little something
about it's my life I don't know if it's
my life I don't know if it's the city
we're living in I don't know if it's the
times we find herself in this happened
last night I'm driving home and by the
way wasn't last night the most beautiful
early summer late spring day you'll all
we've been very very lucky with the
weather so I'm driving home and I'm
feeling pretty good about life in
general and there's a fellow in a car
right next to me and he pulls up to me
and and so now we're kind of going north
on First Avenue together and he
continues to look over a little after
about a block and a half he gives me
this which I believe is the signal to
roll down your window or a really silly
wave sorry I roll down the window and
the guy says hey are you David Letterman
and I said why yes I am and he says hey
how's it going and I said well it's
going pretty well how's it going with
you and he says yeah it's going great
with me and he says where are you going
and I said I'm going home and he says
that's great now we hit that moment
where he knows and I know we have
nothing more to say to one another but
he won't go away
he's still there we're now motoring
together a First Avenue finally I said
alright son keep moving and he looks at
me and he says keep moving
hey I'll kick your ass
[Applause]
it was like a high-speed chase all the
way to my house
it went from hi how's it going nice to
see it well I'll kick your I'm familiar
with that sort of it
I think we're wired into the dumpster
downstairs welcome back to the program
Roger Moore is here I just meant to mr.
Moore backstage a few minutes ago how is
he very exciting to have him here yeah
and and I met him you know the band was
playing and I walked around and I wanted
to say hello to him standing he's
standing right back there and the closer
I got to him I could tell he has no idea
who I am so always always you never want
to take anything for granted I said how
do you do mr. Moore I'm David Letterman
right and he said oh yes yes yes I know
and then I said he'll I'll kick your ass
buddy
[Applause]
and and a very bright young girl 13
years old Amanda goat she's the is it
1992 Spelling Bee champion yep yeah and
we'll have it we'll do a little spelling
right here for us in the meantime let's
do the top ten category list tonight top
ten restrictions on the new Super Saver
airfares you know if you're traveling
anywhere this summer this is the perfect
time because I think American Airlines
started it then United Airlines followed
suit and then US Air and continental is
there still a continental and TWA is
there still a TWA and and very very low
fares you can fly anywhere yeah my
mother as a matter of fact is flying
from Indianapolis to Salt Lake City for
$8.00 around $8 but I guess you can't
just travel anywhere there's probably
some restrictions on the flights exactly
Paul that's exactly what we're gonna
cover here tonight with our top ten
restrictions on the new Super Saver air
fares here we go number ten you may have
to bring enough soda for everybody
number nine on flights less than 500
miles airline reserves right to take the
interstate number eight number eight in
flight movie maybe stop or my mom will
shoot number seven must make all
connections in midair number six
see right right there I think twice
about that number six carry-on items
must fit securely inside your pants well
what keep you from going anywhere I
would think number five when plane lands
you must remain on board for your return
flight we'll see you there what really
is the good goin if you can't get off
the plane number four passenger must be
able to open package of airline peanuts
in under one minute number three number
three you might have to share a seat
with Jerry Brown number two number two
people on aisle may be asked to massage
the captain and the number one
restriction on the new Super Saver
airfare you may be used as a flotation
device
[Applause]
[Music]
like the Hustler's tighten up tighten up
tighten up what is that Archie Bell in
the dress Archie Bell in the Darrell
from Houston Texas didn't they have
another song besides the tighten up
yeah they had another song they had a
follow up we don't remember yeah well it
certainly is a valuable use of our
airtime tonight playing name that tune
with the band my favorite use my
favorite use of it yeah well we only had
a huge star back there that's right
let's get him up our first guest has no
idea who I am no no no no he is one of
the biggest movie stars working today of
course he was James Bond in eight of
those motion pictures including The Spy
Who Loved Me and Live and Let Die it's a
pleasure to welcome him to this program
ladies gentlemen here's Roger Moore
[Applause]
[Music]
what you said about you came up very
nicely and said David Letterman yeah I
know who you are
Chuck Connors uh-huh went up to Noel
Coward at a party
and he said I'm Chuck Connors so the
course won't do a boy welcome welcome to
the program and now I'm not sure if this
is if I can believe this but people are
explaining to me that one of your first
American acting jobs was right here in
this building right here two floors up
where they do Saturday night a th big
big studio yeah what did you do there uh
oh it was 1953
what's that thirty-nine years ago Wow
and it was the first time I helped Sir
Robert Montgomery presents and it was a
play with I do with an actress Phyllis
Kirk and Diane Lynn and I played a
French United Nations diplomat it was
sort of thinking with the restrictions
they had in live television in those
days because she says oh you got to be
very careful Diane Lynn says - Phyllis
Kirk about United Nations diplomat I
went up with one once and he came riding
down Fifth Avenue on a camel wearing a
fez and we got to the transmission of a
dress rehearsal they said no that's up
you can't say came down on a camel came
down an elephant because the show was
sponsored by Lucky Strike Oh so the
sponsor has controlled the content of
the show very very now if you work with
Chesterfield you couldn't say you were
happy because that had connotations be
happy-go-lucky uh-huh oh I see yeah all
SMF to you which we all know what that
means
yeah Lucky Strike means fine tobacco of
course it has do with loose sweaters
what oh no there's another meaning then
is what you're saying yes
tell me at the party after the show but
now you must have been a kid then how
old a man were you when you were doing
that I was full I was a very young I was
coming up the the subsidy never have
going along Madison and I remembered I
did about four or five jobs in this
building that I got paid you know this
is in the 50s and I think I got two or
three hundred dollars for sure how about
what you're getting tonight it's about
what I'm getting tonight but anyway I
had I had to get from here to five five
five Madison Avenue or 6 6 6 6 6 which
was MCA is building my agents and I had
to get there in a hurry because there
was probably another job in the offing
so I grabbed a taxi which I didn't
normally used to do and I arrived and
outside the thing and I took a bill out
of my pocket on dollar bill and I said
keep the change for 75 cents a very
lavish camp the trade and the Texan
money was off like a shot
it was a hundred dollar bill
[Laughter]
no that's a great story you should do
that you should just anywhere you go
slap down a c-note keep the change you
know you know who doesn't get you it's a
good - Kennedy app yeah you know who has
been here a couple of times is Tony
Curtis oh he's lovely
yeah and I talked to him about the
television show that you and he did
together
yeah it was on ABC here in the United
States but I think it was was it a
British production originally oh yeah we
we did it for Lu great I did Tony when
we first did it here was a nonsmoker and
he was leading the campaign in America
against smoking a big television company
and we arrived in those days I smoked we
arrived at Tony's house with the
producer Bob Baker and the writer Terry
nation and we said you know this is what
we're gonna do we how about half an hour
talking and Lou great said don't smoke
turn doesn't like smoking and after
about an hour's conversation we all
wanted to see
I said I know you don't smoke do you
mind he said dear sweet he's signed to
do the show two months later he arrived
in London I was ill in hospital having a
kidney polished I'm sorry oh I see as
long as you're having to remove polishes
take the rust off and polish it they
work better than yeah but anyway he they
call it dialysis but he he arrived and
so I was in the hospital and I wasn't
able to go to the airport and he
unfortunately had some strange tobacco
that the governor of somewhere other
never inhaled and so there was a
terrible thing at the airport about you
know tiny cut is having this thing and
he got fined $50 I kind of remember that
at Bob Hope was doing lines about Tony
Curtis is still circling London three
months we don't wait but you know it's
in knowing you now just a little bit of
course and from your film working and
when Tony comes that was a great
combination the two of you for that show
we had we had a great time David is very
funny yeah let's let's pause here for a
commercial and when we come back we'll
talk about anything
[Applause]
[Music]
amanda goad and other other things let's
talk a little bit about your life as
james bond you were in eight of those
films no I was 77 of those films and it
must have been a difficult situation in
the beginning because you're following
of course sean.conner and but it also
probably very rewarding but there must
have been other drawbacks as well well
you know the drawbacks trying to get
paid on Friday I always figured they
were trying to kill me we had the
violent explosions which is a really the
thing I hated like petrified of guns I
didn't like all that you know but what
they did I remember we were shooting in
the Gulf of Siam and this was for man
with the Golden Gun I was doing a scene
with predict 'ln and we're on this
little island where Scaramanga the
villain Christopher Lee has his
headquarters and I have James Bond has
set up all the explosions which we've
done in the interiors and the islands
gonna blow up right now will it actually
blow up are these special effects that
they put into the film somehow later I
mean will they be actually toys an
actual explosions there and then and so
I've got the special effects man on the
director we're walking around they're
saying right now you start off here in
this doorway and with Britt and you
rushes to Britt Ekland
who's wearing a bikini and and why not
what they have these big you know like
those tips destructs they have outside
of building they're demolishing oh yeah
yeah it's full of exploit row Liam jelly
is full of bricks and everything else
they say that will go off first as you
go across there then you get there you
look back and the next one goes then you
go it now the third and the fourth and
the fifth they all go just as you get to
this big overhang but you're alright
because you'll be behind it I said fine
you know that's all right my hands
getting like I said where where's the
camera all the cameras going to be and
they look like going out to sea our
boats with cameras on
they're all getting off the island so
where am I left with Britain from the
first one he goes I run up to there with
Brit she stands I then have to grab her
and I am her body sweating my hands
sweating and she goes straight through
my fingers like this yeah I like she's
left standing there and I turn right
Brett oh God shall I be James Bond I
rush back and I gotta but by this time
the other ones started going I put my
arm around her and this flame shot
around and she had little blonde head
she used to have little short blonde
hairs upper back and I felt more
crinkling oh oh my so she was actually
singed Evillene she was saying yeah but
all the leading ladies all the leading I
just thought that if they stood near me
they were safe Barbara Bach I remember
in spire loved me and won at one of the
villains sets is being blown up of
course again there's no bomb did was
blow things up he should have been in a
balloon manufacturer but anyway I was
standing there and they're slowed up I'm
standing there and my makeup man goblets
me and he gives me two little things to
put in my ear it's not earrings
you know she says what Barbara says one
of those for Roger I said because
they're gonna be very loud bangs oh well
should I have some I said yeah why not
you know these are mine
she said well what we do when the
explosions I said we run she said why
would it be dangerous I said of course
it'll be dangerous she said oh I thought
if I stood near you I'd be saved if you
speaking to Burnett yeah and then she is
she married the one who's married to
Ringo Starr yeah
well there you go
and what can you tell us about your
involvement with the the Amazon your
trip there recently and are you there
yeah right
I'm this little button here means that I
am a representative of UNICEF so you
were there for the environmental summer
yes because the children are very much
involved in the environment because as I
say it is their world that we have
borrowed from them and they expect it
back in a good condition so I went down
to Manaus to host a show called Viva
Tara viva which will go out on the last
day of the conference with Roger who the
hell was it with John Denver anything
Roger Roger Miller night was he was
getting a bad show though and then and
then on Tuesday on the beach in the
Ipanema beach a I hosted or emceed a big
show which was for the pre-summit the
non-governmental organizations and
people a lot of green pieces a lot of
people protesting and we had all the
governors of Brazil and the Prime
Minister of Norway
mrs. Buckland Kuro Holland oh yeah she's
been here
but on a series there she is one of the
key women and Norway is probably the
best example of the country doing
something about the environment well
good for you we should do very very
impressive the kids say
very impressive effort on your part it
was a great pleasure to meet you thank
you so much for your time unless you
want to hang around you want to hang
around I like it here I like the music
alright well you can hang around then
well Roger and I will be right back
[Applause]
[Music]
Hiram Bullock will be here a bit later
Hiram you were he was in the band the
first how many years of the show first
two three years two and a half years
then he left and now you're like mr.
bigshot solo recording star huh and yeah
and you're spending all your money on
outfits aren't you look at that where is
the little note I had about Archie Bell
in the drills is that still here we
found the name of their other hit Paul
well I don't know what's going on it'll
be back here in a minute Hiram Bullock
will be playing a little song later
thank you very much thanks nice job
aren't you bailed on the drills I just
can't stop dancing that's right yeah
nineteen nineteen sixty-seven yeah Wow
good lord alright okay that's the answer
to our music quiz I hope you had that at
home